A little animal, on the floor of my chamber, is this reaching you?
It is obvious that you are not a product of natural evolution. I'm wondering who your creator are.
Sorry, I don't have any idea of the blueprints of your body,<LINE>and my communication array is already offline so I can't announce your existence to anyone else.
Due to the scan of parts of your structure, you have the ability to read and store information.<LINE>Your creator seems to want you to be able to gather all kinds of information across as far as possible.
From the video sent back by my overseers, it seems that you will inflict violence on the scavengers.
Well, I would recommend you to go to my top city and say hello to the neighbors there.
Although a purposed organism similar to yours managed to kill their chief not long ago,<LINE>it looks like they continue to destroy my top structure.
Given that the purpose of your journey is to gather information, maybe then we can all get what we want.
I have to get back to work, and I hope you gather the ideal information.
Oh, you're back, little creature.
How was your journey?
Apparently I can't get any useful information from your hollow eyes.
If you can keep quiet, I may allow you to stop for a little longer.
But now I have to keep working.
Great success!
The way they say it works really works!
Oh little one you are awake, how does it feel to be in this world?
Oh you're back again, little creature.
Judging by your current state, I think you've found what you were looking for.
Your pack seems to want to send some data, and given that the only structure<LINE>around that can send data is the communications array, I would recommend you head there.
Although I won't be able to use it from here, you might be able to take your chances.
Good luck then, I'll have to get back to my work.
The current environment outside is too dangerous even for you.
To keep you safe, I made this for you.
A drone backpack, although you may not always understand it, but it will protect you to the maximum extent.
Also if you are not too far from my precinct, I can talk to you through it.
.  .  .
I hope you will like it.
What a blessing to have you back!
It wasn't a long trip, but it looks like you still had trouble.
Let me check you out.
Well, I'm glad you didn't have any problems, but your backpack seems to be broken.
I need some time to fix it. Please help yourself here.
Can you hear me little creature?
You're now some distance from my chamber, <LINE>this is a perfect opportunity to test the functionality of your backpack!
Please wait a moment for me to start the testing process. . .
Biomass reactor, check.<LINE>Drone port, check.<LINE>Scanning equipment, check.<LINE>Communication equipment, check.<LINE>.  .  .
Everything looks normal, how about trying to scan a creature next?
This is your first time to the wall little creature, do you like the view there?
You may be wondering what those buildings are.<LINE>They once belonged to my creators, but now they are long gone.
Although you are about to travel far, I can still guide you in my precinct, so go down the left side next.
Don't forget to watch your step when climbing those coolers.
Multi-Iterate Fractal (Multiple Recursive Processor Unit)
The Wall